Update docs: Hulu and Disney+ ads now suppressed, not just unblockable (#58)
EdwardAngert/edwardangert.github.io: src/content/docs/blog/what-a-claude-wants-needs.mdx

| Forum | You can block ads!   | 2018                |
| Mine  | You can't block ads. | ????                |

> *(Update 2026-08: now you can, sort of - see [Fix Streaming Services and Other Broken Sites](/docs/pi-hole/block-allow-lists/#fix-streaming-services-and-other-broken-sites). Something changed on Hulu and Disney+'s side, not mine, and the docs have caught up.)*

Author: ```suggestion
*(Update 2026-08: now you can, maybe?
See [Fix Streaming Services and Other Broken Sites](/docs/pi-hole/block-allow-lists/#fix-streaming-services-and-other-broken-sites). 
Something changed on Hulu and Disney+'s side that, instead of breaking, it now seems to keep playing content.
Neat.)*
```
